Now let's add the same test for the chest opening up component.
Just.
Yes.
Let's refactor this.
The setup part we have refactored the one in the component spec as well.
We are not going to use the email input or password input in this one and we can simplify it by just
moving it here.
And we are not going to take an overriding value for email and just doing this for password.
So removing the param, so the setup form is like this.
Then we are checking the home page visibility after clicking the login.
Now let's add the next test and we can just copy the test name from EBP spec.
So it hides.
Sign up and login.
So adding that test it hides login and sign up.
And
now we are going to call setup form.
But before clicking button, let's let's do the test like this.
Let's query the the links first.
So we we get login link and it is screen get by roll.
And this is Link.
And name is Logan.
And let's also get the.
Sign up link.
So we have the reference to the visible elements.
They are visible at the moment and we are clicking to the button.
Then let's wait for this homepage to be visible.
Now we can assert the these links to be.
So we expect this looking link not to be in the document.
And also we expect this sign up sign up uplink not to be in the document as well.
So let's save this one.
Now the test is failing here because it is seeing the element is there.
And when testing in in the just in the testing library, instead of like relying on the visibility of
home page, like at the moment the homepage like we are searching this thing as soon as the homepage
is visible.
But in fact if we check to look in component so we are triggering the navigation, then we are setting
the logged in user.
So that doesn't necessarily mean the navigation completion make the UI to be having logged in layout
in the end.
So for this case, let's open up component just as now.
We don't need to wait for this homepage visibility, but we can wait for like this login link to be
gone.
And the testing library Angular has a function wait for element to be removed so we can use this one
right here.
We can say we are going to wait, wait for element to be removed and we are going to wait for this login
link to be gone.
Then we can do the sovereign part.
We don't need this line anymore.
Expecting this login link not to be in the document because this one is already making sure it is happening.
And then we can check sign up link not to be in the document here.
Let's save it.
And tests are passing.
Let's add the next test.
The component.
Spike this now we are going to display my profile link.
So here it
displays my profile link after successful login.
Again, we are filling the form in the setup form now this time.
We are going to see this link.
But before we click to the button, let's make sure it is not there.
So let's do this.
Expect screen query by role.
We are creating an element which is not there.
So if we are using query by functionality and element I role is link and the text is my profile.
So we are expecting this not to be in the document.
Then we are going to click to the button and this is going to be triggering all the the changes.
Then we can query the visibility of this my profile link, but there are async operations here so we
can use screen find by role.
We can wait here.
Let's say this is my profile link and we expect my profile link to be in the document saving this one.
And this is also passing.
And let's add the last test components back.
This is for the routing of the my profile link.
So EP just.
It's this place user page
again filling the form and we are going to click to the button.
So this is handling the.
Logan.
So we will get the high profile link and we are going to click to this my profile link.
The weight is relevant.
Click my profile link.
Now this is going to be triggering the navigation.
So we are going to wait for a page to be visible.
So this is the page.
This is user page.
User page will be visible.
Let's wait until that page is shown.
But also we will see the user name because that page will be loading user information from back end
and it will be displaying that username.
So let's query the visibility of the header.
And we will wait for find by Roe.
We are looking for a heading to be visible, which will be having the name of that user, which is user
one.
And we expect this header to be in the document, by the way.
Before saving this one, I'm going to check the the the rest handler here.
So this is the old end point.
And in the success response it is returning back to ID, which we need and the username as well.
We need this one because we are using it in the my profiling.
And when we click to the my profile, it's going to be opening the user page and that user page will
be making a get request to this end point.
And basically this is going to be returning the the ID and that username and user email in the response.
So we will be taking that username from this one and display it on the UI, saving this one.
Now we have a failure.
That's because now we are querying the visibility of this username.
User one But it is visible in the in the profile card.
So if we open the user component here like the user information is in this app profile card, but in
the app component test, component, just test.
We didn't declare the component.
We didn't need that one until now.
So we are going to use profile card component here.
Let's save this.
And the tests are passing now.